Document `forceInit` for Java SDK (#12260)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/java/common/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="force-init">

> Set this boolean to `true` to force a call to `Sentry.init` to go through, even if the SDK has already been initialized by a high priority integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this boolean to `true` to force a call to `Sentry.init` to re-initialize the SDK, even if the SDK has already been initialized by a high priority integration.
```
